# ProjectsIn this repository are my personal projects that I have worked on. I have used the coding languages: C++, JavaScript, HTML, and Python. I primarily use C++ for back-end development and JavaScript for front-end development. Listed below are the projects that I have been working on and have completed.---### Machine Learning Algorithm- Written in C++.- Trained and Implemented in CSV files to determine the categories and details of varied Piazza posts.- Used statistics to determine the probability of categories trained with categorized posts.### Euchre- Written in C++.- Modeled the card game of Euchre with a computer player.- Models an accurate deck of cards and a shuffle feature.### Battleship- Written in C++ and JavaScript.- Modeled the board game Battleship with graphics using JavaScript.- Included a randomized Artificial Intelligence players.### Video game Database- Written in C++.- A database that serves as my personal library for video games that I own.- Able to update constantly and can output into an Excel file.### Image Processing Application- Written in C++.- Reads in image files (.jpg, .png, etc.) and resizes the image to the users choosing using content awareness.- Removes pixels of the image that the algorithm deems unnecessary for the bigger picture.### Website- Written in HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.- Created my own Website Portfolio.- [hubert-wong.com](http://hubert-wong.com/)### Connect-Four- Written in Python.- Modeled the board game Connect-Four with added Artificial Intelligence to determine the best moves to beat the player.---